Oct 22, 2009


Dress,

http://muslimdress.blogspot.com/
http://muslimdress.blogspot.com/2006/07/muslim-dress.html
http://muslimdress.blogspot.com/2006/07/muslim-womens-dress.html
http://muslimdress.blogspot.com/2006/07/three-rules-for-muslim-women-dress.html
http://muslimdress.blogspot.com/2006/07/muslim-dress-requirements-according-to.html

(Surah An-Nur: 31)

(Surah Al-A’raf: 32)

V.24:31


Narrated Aishah, may Allah be please to her.She said; “May Allah bestow His Mercy on Anshar women. When Allah revealed: ‘And to draw their veils all over their bodies, necks and bosoms’ – they tore their cloths and covered their heads with those torn cloths.” (Hadith Bukhory, Vol. 6)


Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “A woman is entirely “aurot”, when she goes out of her house the devil will beautify her.” (Hadith At-Tirmidzi)


Being beautified by the devil, every male who sees her will be tempted to attract her sexually. It doesn’t really matter if the beholder is a good person, how about if the beholder is a rapper? The dress must be paid attention as well. A Moslem woman’s dress should be loose that it cannot reveal or reflect her body.


The dress must reach her thighs under her bottom; the sleeves must reach her writs; the pants must be loose and lower than her ankles.
Narrated Aishah; “One day Asma’ bint Abi Bakr entered Allah’s Messenger’s house while she was wearing thin clothes. Then the Prophet, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, turned his face, saying; ‘A woman, when she has reached her period (maturity) is not proper if her body is seen except this one and this one as he pointed to his face and palms.’ ” (Hadith Abu Dawud) 


Narrated Alqomah bin Abi Alqomah from his mother; “Once Hafsoh bint Abd-Ar-Rahman entered Aisah’s house (the wife of the Prophet, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him). She was wearing a thin head cover, then Aishah tore a thick cloth and dressed her with that thick cloth (head cover).” (Hadith Muatho’)


” (Surah An-Nisa’: 13) “And whosoever disobeys Allah and His Messenger and transgresses His limits, He will cast him into the Fire, to abide therein; and he shall have a disgraceful torment.” (Surah An-Nisa’: 14) 

Allah’s Messenger said: “There are two kinds of the dwellers of the Hell-Fire, two of which I have yet to see i.e. a people who have whips as big as cow’s tails, by which those people beat men, and women who wear thin or tight clothes and invite people to deviate and make affairs. Their heads are like hump’s camels and slanting. They will not enter Paradise and find a smell of Paradise while a smile of Paradise can be found in this particular journey and this particular journey (a 100 year distance journey).” (Hadith Muslim) 

If someone can not smell the Paradise in a 100 year distance journey, there will be no chance for him/her to enter the Paradise. Narrated Ibn Abbas: “Surely the Prophet, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, curse women who resemble men, and he curse men who resemble women.” (Hadith Abu Dawud Vol. 4)

The fashion should follow the rules not the rules follow the fashion! Men clothes Unlike women, men may reveal their hairs and their body except that which is from their belly button till knees. To be Moslem-like, men don’t have to wear long flowing robs and turbans like in Saudi Arabia, hats and sarongs like worn by the greatest Islamic group in Indonesia, or scull-caps like Jews’. But it has to be based on Quran and Hadith, it must not be against the rules.

Even though one wears jeans and t-shirts, coats or jackets providing it is based on that which is written in Quran and Hadith, his dress will be considered as Moslem dress, as believer’s dress.

Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “Eat and drink and dress and give charity without wasting and arrogant.” (Hadith Bukhory) Narrated Ibn Umar: Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “Whoever lowers his clothes (below his ankles) arrogantly (not obeying the rules of Quran and Hadith is considered arrogant), Allah will not look at him on the Day of Judgment.”

Abu Bakr said: “O Allah’s Messenger, one side of my clothes covers my ankle except I keep taking care of it (draw it above ankle) how about it?” (The length of his clothes actually fitted him above his ankles but because his clothes were a little bit bigger in size, one side of his clothes occasionally went down). Then Allah’s Messenger said: “You are not among those who do it intentionally and arrogantly.” (Hadith Bukhory)

So the pants (clothes) of men should above the ankles. According to the above Hadith, if we have cut our pants above our ankles then by accident one side of our pants goes down, it is likely because we are fasting and our waist is skinnier, it is not considered against the rules. But if one doesn’t cut his pants above his ankle although he might say; “No, I am not arrogant, I wear these pants just the way it is, I don’t mean it to be arrogant.” It is considered arrogant and against the rules of Allah and His Messenger.

Arrogant here means not willing or pleased to follow that which Allah and His Messenger ruled. So there are no excuses! Even the Prophet, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, doesn’t only regard it arrogant. But he said that the one who wore clothes or pants lower than his ankles, he would go to the Hell-Fire.

Narrated Abi Huraira: Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “Whatever of clothes is lower than ankles, then he will be in the Hell-Fire.” (Hadith Bukhory)

Narrated Salim bin Abdullah from Abdullah; Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “A man once lowered his clothes below his ankles, then he was buried in the earth (by angles), then he kept struggling to get free until the Day of Judgment.” (Hadith Bukhory) Not only will he go to the Hell-Fire, but also his worship in the world will be useless

Narrated Abi Huraira: “One day a man who lowered his pants below his ankles was taking a prayer. Then Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said to him; ‘Go and take a ritual washing again!’ Then he went and took another ritual ablution and came back. Then the Prophet said again; ‘Go and take a ritual ablution.’ Then another man asked him; ‘O Allah’s Messenger, why did you keep telling him to take another ritual washing?’ The Prophet was just silent then he said; ‘Surely he prayed while he lowered his pants below his ankles, and surely Allah doesn’t accept the prayer of someone who lowers his pants below his ankles.’” (Hadith Abu Dawud)

Narrated Abi Sa’id: Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “The clothes of Moslems are only until a half of calves, but it is not sin or there is no sin for that which are between a half of calves and ankles, whatever of clothes lower than ankles he will be in the Hell-Fire. Whosoever lowers his clothes below his ankles arrogantly (intentionally or not willing to follow the rules of Islamic religion), Allah will have no need to see him.”(Hadith Abu Dawud)

Narrated Abi Dzar: Allah’s Messenger, may peace and blessings of Allah be upon him, said: “There are three groups to which Allah doesn’t want to talk on the Day of Resurrection and Allah doesn’t sanctify them and they will get a painful chastisement.” Then I said: “Who are those losers O Allah’s Messenger?” Then Allah’s Messenger reiterated it thrice.Then Allah’s Messenger said: “They are those who lower their clothes (pants) below their ankles, and those who dig their old favors up, and those who offer their merchandise by stating a false oath or faithless oath.” (Hadith Abu Dawud)
